feat(docs): Improve the toolchain setup page (#2272)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/development/setup/index.md

---
title: Getting Started
sidebar_label: Getting Started
---

:::tip
We recommend reading through the setup process before following it step by step, to ensure that you are happy with installing the required dependencies.
:::

## Environment Setup

> There are two ways to setup the ZMK development environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways to set up the ZMK development environment:
```
